ci: verify semantic pull requests (#1264)
faker-js/faker: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Please first read https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/verify-semantic-pull-requests/CONTRIBUTING.md -->

> <!-- Help us by directly write a correct PR title following this guide: https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/verify-semantic-pull-requests/CONTRIBUTING.md#committing -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Help us by writing a correct PR title following this guide: https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/verify-semantic-pull-requests/CONTRIBUTING.md#committing -->
```
